OVERVIEW

This code can calculate the Random Phase Approximation (RPA), at both first
and second order (Extended RPA).  It can perform this calculation given
an effective interaction, and a single paraticle modelspace, which can be
mean-field or fragmented (which yields "Dressed" (E)RPA or D(E)RPA).

COPYRIGHT AND DISCLAIMER

You may use and modify this code freely for research purposes only.  No
modifications of this code may be used for profit in any way.  If you provide
someone with binaries of this code or of your modifications, you must make
available the source code.  This code is not perfect, and I am not repsonsible
for your misuse of the code which may cause damage or injury to property or
persons.

MODIFICATIONS AND CONTRIBUTIONS

If you make a useful modification to the code, please, submit it to me and I
will try to update the repository so that others may share the fruits of your
labor!

COMPILATION

To compile the code, you will need the following libraries:

lapack (the shared libraries, not the source)
boost (www.boost.org)
boost numeric bindings (for lapack)
google testing suite (gtest)

As of this writing, the boost numeric bindings are not yet a part of boost, but
are being integrated into it.

To compile the code and run some basic tests on it, simply type:
./boostrap
make check

NOTE: on OSX you will need to change libtoolize to glibtoolize in the boostrap
script.

The following binaries should magically appear in the project's bin directory:
drpa
plot_eigenvalues - plots the ERPA eigenvalues as a function of energy
erpa

They are all run with the form:
<command> --config example_config.cfg

The config files are simple -- they mostly contain input and output file names.

BUGS

If you find a bug, please write a unit test that reproduces the bug.  Please,
try to make sure that the unit test requires as little outside input as
possible (it shouldn't be a full calculation).

You can send me a description of the bug, along with the test that reproduces it
at mburnett@physics.wustl.edu.

Enjoy,
Mark Burnett
March 2009
